Glitter
==
This is an erlang binding to gitolite. It is an abstraction to provide 
flexibility in case we need to swap gitolite for something else.
It was originally part of a larger cloud project that provide basic 
cloud app/deployment workflow, similar to what Heroku offers (Heroku.com 
for details).

== Basic setup ==
Glitter runs as either an erlang demaen process or under erlang shell.

This plugin depends on erlang and openssh. Please ensure these dependency
be setup beforehand. Only tested using Erlang R14B or above.

First setup:
- make clean
- make install

== Basic usage == 
* Creating Orgnization
* Creating New Repo
* Removing Existing Repo
* Createing New Repo Branch
* Removing Existing Repo Branch
* Adding membership and membership rights on a Repo/ Repo Branch
* Removing membership and membership rights on a Repo/ Repo Branch

Sample Erlang client call code



== Development ==
It is recommend that you set up your own git server and gitolite to 
test it out on integeration level; preferrably sending command from 
a seperate client machine. Passing/Failing unit tests may not be 
sufficient to weed out account/process/file ownership issues.

Parse and write configs for the gitolite admin repositories.


== Architecture ==
Glitter is an erlang application. It consists of three levels. 
Starting from outmost layer - module glitter - act as a gateway 
to serve client proper erlang messages; special message formats
are assumed to have already properly transformed in prior stage.



### Status

Parsing is functional.
Writing is functional.

No support for branch/directory-specific permissions in repositories.
At the moment, I don't really have a need for it, so it probably won't
get worked on.
